fix(org release note): NG add/delete users (#11011)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/org-user-mgmt-release-notes/org-users-22-11-22.mdx

---
subject: Organization and user management
releaseDate: '2022-11-22'
version: '221122'
---

> In November of 2022, we released the ability to add and delete users through NerdGraph. For more on that, see the [NerdGraph user management tutorial](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-manage-users). For a forum post about this, see [this Explorers Hub post on this feature](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/add-and-delete-users-via-nerdgraph/191462). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In November of 2022, we released the ability to add and delete users through NerdGraph. Here are some resources to learn more:
* [Tutorial on NerdGraph user management](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-manage-users)
* [Forum post on adding and deleting users](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/add-and-delete-users-via-nerdgraph/191462)
```
